[Music]
the very introduced a new line of boats
that the can boat show last year in the
form of the r40 fly bridge but it's back
at düsseldorf Boat Show in 2017 with a
coupe a version of that exact same model
this cue plane model uses the same
layout of the fly bridge version and
that's very good thing it's got the same
single level special between cockpit and
saloon it's got the same 10-man dining
station with twin tables but because
there's no fly it adds a retractable
overhead canvas to introduce more light
to the cockpit and it also has a sunroof
to introduce more light to the health
down below things are also identical to
get a full beam master cabin which is
very impressive on a 40-footer you also
get a guest double in the V of the bow
and two petrol pump the new coupe a
model cost three hundred and fifty one
thousand euros and that seems like
decent enough value but it's interesting
to note that the flybridge model cost
just three hundred and seventy seven
thousand euros for just twenty six
thousand euros more even if you don't
want a fly bridge it seems to me to make
sense to spend the extra money
[Music]
you